AIKYA, an annually conducted CSE departmental fest, is going into its seventh year after being a grand success at its inception. The fest is a coalition of technical, gaming, sports and cultural events, aimed at challenging the intellect of students among various colleges in Bangalore. The highlight of the fest is the state level inter collegiate Project Open-House Panorama(nicknamed Phineas And Ferb’s Techno-Extravaganza for the theme), which provides a stage for students to showcase their new ideas through projects and get recognized by the industry.The event aims to promote the spirit of innovation and creativity among the students, and to encourage students to work on projects that make a difference.  

Event Details
Phineas And Ferb’s Techno-Extravaganza:
Presentation of innovative projects by the students during this academic year. These projects include the final year projects by students from various departments within our college and from other colleges as well.
Venue : Edusat Hall
Timings : 9:45 am - 12 pm
Registration Fee : Rs 50

Code Breakers - Coding Contest:
This coding contest challenges our students with scenarios faced by present day professionals includes coding and decoding problems.
Venue : Room No 208
Timings : 9:45 am - 12 pm
Registration Fee: Free

Rick Sanchez’s Ideapalooza:
Innovations is key in our present day world and Rick Sanchez stands for the craziest and most innovative ideas to solve our problems.
Present your crazy idea that can shake the Tech industry and win a chance to make it your dream project
Venue : Seminar Hall
Timings : 1:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Registration Fee: Free

Hunt for the Infinity Stones:
A completely themed event dedicated to the upcoming movie Avengers: Infinity Wars. A treasure hunt to assemble the infinity stones and defeat Thanos.
Venue : Room No 201 & 311
Timings : 9:45 am - 1 pm
Registration Fee: Rs 30

Crisis on Infinite Earths :
A homage to one of the most significant story-lines in the DC multiverse. A QR hunt to assemble the Justice League and protect our Earth.
Venue : Room No 202
Timings :  9:45 am - 1 pm
Registration Fee: Rs 30

Marvel vs DC - Debate Standoff:
Are you a true DC or Marvel fan? How about you take up this debate to settle things once and for all. Who can come out on top?
Venue : Room No 203-204
Timings : 1:30 pm - 5 pm
Registration Fee: Rs 30

Cosplay Day:
How crazy are you about becoming your favorite comic character?
Represent a character or element from the pop culture realm.
Venue : None
Timings : Full Day
Registration Fee: Free